docs: strict and dynamic mode (#477)
Unleash/unleash-edge: README.md

docker run -it -p 3063:3063 -e STRICT=true -e UPSTREAM_URL=<yourunleashinstance> unleashorg/unleash-edge:<mostrecentversion> edge
```

> ## Strict behavior (Since 19.2.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edge behaviors

As of version 19.2.0, Unleash Edge now supports two behaviors when running in edge mode: **strict** and **dynamic**. We recommend adopting the new **strict** behavior, while **dynamic** remains as a legacy option that will be deprecated and removed in a future release.

For legacy reasons, **dynamic** behavior is still the default. However, a warning will be logged at startup to indicate its deprecation.

Please note that these behaviors are mutually exclusive.

### Strict behavior
```

If started with the `--strict` flag or the `STRICT` environment variable, Edge now starts with strict behavior and must
be
given
tokens at startup.
Edge will lock down access for new tokens that have a wider or different access scope than the tokens it was started
with.

E.g. if you start with one wildcard token with access to development `*:development.<somelongrandomstring` and later a
client comes with a
token accessing a different environment, say production `*:production.<somedifferentrandomstring>` Edge will return 403,
because that would change the scope of access.

Strict behavior still allows using tokens (both frontend and client) with narrower access than what the tokens it was
started with has.

E.g. If you start with one wildcard token with access to the development
environment `*:development.<somelongrandomstring>` and your clients use various tokens with access to specific projects
in the development environment, Edge will filter features to only grant access to the narrower scope.

> ## Dynamic behavior

Reviewer: In case we adopt https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/pull/477/files#r1666502705

```suggestion
### Dynamic behavior
```

> With dynamic behavior, Edge behaves as it has since v1.0.0, any new client tokens are validated against upstream and if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With dynamic behavior, Edge behaves as it has since v1.0.0. Any new client tokens are validated against upstream and if
```

found
to be valid, a refresh job will be configured with the minimum set of tokens that are able to fetch all projects and
environments Edge has seen. Set with `--dynamic` or the `DYNAMIC` environment variable. (19.2.0 / July 4th 2024): We're
looking to deprecate this
behavior. If your company needs this behavior, reach out to us on Slack, the final decision has not been made yet. In
19.2.0
this behavior is still the default, but Edge will log that you should make a choice between dynamic or strict behavior.
If
you

> explicitly choose dynamic behavior, Edge will warn about the planned deprecation.

Reviewer: Even if you don't explicitly choose it and we default to it, we still show the warning. It behaves as shown in the PR description of https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/pull/476

Author: That's true.

Author: Agreed. Changed text to `When dynamic behavior is selected (by default or by choice), Edge will print a warning about the planned deprecation`

docker run -it -p 3063:3063 -e STRICT=true -e UPSTREAM_URL=<yourunleashinstance> unleashorg/unleash-edge:<mostrecentversion> edge
```

## Edge behaviors

As of version 19.2.0, Unleash Edge now supports two behaviors when running in edge mode: **strict** and **dynamic**. We recommend adopting the new **strict** behavior, while **dynamic** remains as a legacy option that will be deprecated and removed in a future release.

For legacy reasons, **dynamic** behavior is still the default. However, a warning will be logged at startup to indicate its deprecation.

Please note that these behaviors are mutually exclusive.

### Strict behavior

If started with the `--strict` flag or the `STRICT` environment variable, Edge now starts with strict behavior and must
be
given
tokens at startup.

> Edge will lock down access for new tokens that have a wider or different access scope than the tokens it was started

Reviewer 2: I think this is cool but I'd like to get a bit more specific in terms of what access means here. We do a nice job providing examples but I think we can do even better just by explaining what this is.

Let's lift this:

> Strict behavior still allows using tokens (both frontend and client) with narrower access than what the tokens it was started with has.

And combine it with this section and then build on that. Something like...?

Edge will refuses requests from SDKs that have a wider or different access scope than the initial tokens. Specifically, this means incoming requests must have a token that exactly matches the environment and is bound to a project or projects specified in that token.

Reviewer 2: I think we can also tell a story on why this is valuable. Struggling to not go "full marketer" here but something like "this gives you more predictable control over which SDKs have access to Edge and prevents you from expanding the scope at runtime accidentally"

with.

E.g. if you start with one wildcard token with access to development `*:development.<somelongrandomstring` and later a
client comes with a
token accessing a different environment, say production `*:production.<somedifferentrandomstring>` Edge will return 403,
because that would change the scope of access.

> Strict behavior still allows using tokens (both frontend and client) with narrower access than what the tokens it was

Reviewer 2: I think we could take this and the paragraph below out

started with has.

E.g. If you start with one wildcard token with access to the development
environment `*:development.<somelongrandomstring>` and your clients use various tokens with access to specific projects
in the development environment, Edge will filter features to only grant access to the narrower scope.

### Dynamic behavior

With dynamic behavior, Edge behaves as it has since v1.0.0. Any new client tokens are validated against upstream and if
found
to be valid, a refresh job will be configured with the minimum set of tokens that are able to fetch all projects and
environments Edge has seen. Set with `--dynamic` or the `DYNAMIC` environment variable. (19.2.0 / July 4th 2024): We're
looking to deprecate this

> behavior. If your company needs this behavior, reach out to us on Slack, the final decision has not been made yet. In

Reviewer 2: Just feels a bit more friendly

```suggestion
behavior. If you need this behavior, reach out to us on Slack, the final decision has not been made yet. In
```

docker run -it -p 3063:3063 -e STRICT=true -e UPSTREAM_URL=<yourunleashinstance> unleashorg/unleash-edge:<mostrecentversion> edge
```

## Edge behaviors

As of version 19.2.0, Unleash Edge now supports two behaviors when running in edge mode: **strict** and **dynamic**. We recommend adopting the new **strict** behavior, while **dynamic** remains as a legacy option that will be deprecated and removed in a future release.

For legacy reasons, **dynamic** behavior is still the default. However, a warning will be logged at startup to indicate its deprecation.

Please note that these behaviors are mutually exclusive.

### Strict behavior

If started with the `--strict` flag or the `STRICT` environment variable, Edge now starts with strict behavior and must
be
given
tokens at startup.

> Edge will lock down access for new tokens that have a wider or different access scope than the tokens it was started

Author: ```suggestion
Edge will refuse access for new tokens that have a wider or different access scope than the tokens it was started
```
